[OKTA-725988] Schemas API Vuepress page deprecation (#4947)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/reference/api/log-streaming/index.md

#### Property details

*  The `accountId`, `eventSourceName`,  and `region` properties are assigned during creation and can't be modified afterwards.

> * The `region` property can be set to one of the following supported AWS region codes. The `region` list can also be retrieved with the [Log Stream Schema](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/openapi/okta-management/management/tag/Schema/#tag/Schema/operation/getLogStreamSchema) endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Set the `region` property to one of the following supported AWS region codes. You can also retrieve the `region` list with the [Log Stream Schema](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/openapi/okta-management/management/tag/Schema/#tag/Schema/operation/getLogStreamSchema) endpoint.
```
